According to the sorcery law,
Yuji Itadori,
as a Cursed Spirit, you will be exorcised!
Wait! There's nothing wrong with me!
More importantly,
both of us are pretty beat up.
Let's go to the hospital.
I can't tell whether Itadori
or the Cursed Spirit is talking now.
Darn! What should I do?
What's going on?
What?
Mr. Gojo! Why are you here?
Hey there.
I wasn't planning on coming.
Oh, my. You're all roughed up.
I'm going to show it
to the second-year students.
Look over here.
The higher-ups wouldn't stop nagging
about the loss of a Special Grade Curse.
I just popped by real quick
after some sightseeing.
So did you find it?
-Excuse me.
-What?
Sorry, but I ate it.
Are you serious?
-Yes.
What?
I see.
Really, it's combined with you.
That's hilarious.
Is there anything wrong with your body?
Not really.
Can you switch with Sukuna?
Sukuna?
The Cursed Spirit you ate.
Well, I guess so.
All right, give us ten seconds.
Come back to us after ten seconds.
But…
Don't worry. I'm invincible.
Megumi.
Hold on to this.
What's this?
It's kikufuku from Kikusuian.
It's a Sendai delicacy.
I especially recommend
the bean whipped cream!
I can't believe he went shopping
for souvenirs
at a time when lives are at stake!
It's not a souvenir.
I'm going to eat it on the way back home
while I'm on the bullet train.
Behind you!
Kikufuku is different
from other souvenirs.
What?
Besides, the whipped cream
inside is exquisite.
My student is here,
so let me show off a little.
He's very fast? Wait.
For god's sake…
No matter which era,
Jujutsu Sorcerers are a pain in the ass!
But that doesn't mean much to me.
Seven, eight, nine.
It's almost done.
Darn it. I can't possess him again.
Who the heck is this Itadori kid?
Are you okay?
I can't believe it.
You can really control it.
But it's so annoying,
I can hear his voice.
And it's a miracle he's only doing that.
What did you do?
I put him to sleep.
If he isn't possessed by Sukuna
when he wakes up,
then he could be a vessel.
All right, here's a question!
What should we do with him?
Even if he's a vessel,
according to the sorcery law,
Itadori is subjected to death.
But…
I don't want him to die.
Are those your personal feelings?
It is personal.
Please do something about this.
Since my precious student is asking,
leave it to me!
So let me repeat myself.
You're going to be executed.
The memories
and current events don't match.
Don't get me wrong. I tried my best.
It's the same death sentence,
but I got your sentence suspended.
Suspended? I guess it means
I won't be executed immediately.
Yes, I'll explain it from the beginning.
This is the same
as the cursed object you ate.
There are 20 of them in total,
and 6 of them are in our hands.
Twenty? So that includes
his hands and legs?
No, Sukuna has four hands.
As you can see, it can't be destroyed.
That's how powerful this curse is.
The curse is getting stronger every day.
The existing Jujutsu Sorcerers
and their seals can't keep up.
-That's where you come in.
-What?
As long as you die,
the curse inside you will die too.
Our elders are very timid,
and they are demanding
that they want you killed now.
But won't that be a waste?
A waste?
We may not find another vessel
that can withstand Sukuna's curse.
So I gave them a suggestion.
Since you have to die, why don't
we let you absorb all of Sukuna first?
The higher-ups agreed.
You have two choices now.
Either you die now,
or die after finding
and absorbing all of Sukuna's parts.
SUGISAWA HOSPITAL
Itadori.
How's Iguchi doing?
The doctor said he's fine,
but he hasn't regained consciousness yet.
It's my fault.
It's all because I asked him
to go to the school at night.
You probably won't believe me,
but there were strange
monsters attacking us.
I got caught too.
I believe you.
They were not monsters,
but Cursed Spirits.
What?
That finger is called
a Special Grade Cursed Relic.
It's capable of attracting other
Cursed Spirits and making them stronger.
So the both of you did nothing wrong.
It's my fault since I picked it up.
I'm sorry. But it will be fine.
The person who can cure
Iguchi will be here tomorrow.
Itadori…
I'm sorry, Sasaki.
I need to go somewhere else.
STOP
Who passed away?
My grandpa, but he's like a father to me.
Oh, I see. I'm sorry.
We came at a bad time.
So have you made your decision?
Is it common to have
casualties from curses?
This is a very special case.
But it's not rare
to see curses bring damage.
It’s lucky for someone to die
a normal death after encountering a curse.
It's also lucky to find bodies
that have been torn apart.
You will witness terrible scenes
while searching for Sukuna.
I can't guarantee you won't
end up that way yourself, either.
Well, pick your poison.
You're strong enough to save others.
When all parts of Sukuna have disappeared,
will there be fewer people…
suffering from curses?
Of course.
Do you still have that finger?
Now that I look at it,
it's actually disgusting.
This is the second one, so one-tenth.
What will happen?
SECULAR NAME
It tastes so awful that it's funny.
I'm sure now.
It's not just physical endurance,
he can even maintain his consciousness
when facing Sukuna.
He's a once-in-a-millennium genius.
What's wrong?
Oh, nothing.
Can I assume that you're ready for this?
Not at all.
I'm still thinking about
why I'm going to be executed.
But I just can't ignore the curses.
That last request is so troublesome.
I'll eat every part of Sukuna.
I don't care what happens after.
I'm destined to die, right?
Good. I don't dislike people like you.
Looks like a fun hell is waiting for you.
Pack up your stuff today.
Where are we going?
Tokyo.
Fushiguro! You look great!
You think so after seeing this?
You'll be transferring
to the Jujutsu Sorcerers' school I attend.
What?
Tokyo Prefectural Jujutsu High School.
By the way…
You're the third first-year student.
There are very few students!
I'm leaving, Grandpa.
ITADORI FAMILY GRAVE
It's deep in the mountains.
Is this really Tokyo?
Even the outskirts of Tokyo
look like this.
Where's Fushiguro?
He just got his wounds treated
by a Jujutsu Sorcerer,
so he's in deep sleep now.
Tokyo Prefectural Jujutsu High School.
It's one of the two sorcery
educational institutions in Japan.
On the surface,
it's known as a private religious school.
Many Jujutsu Sorcerers use this place
as a base after graduation.
It's not just about education,
but mediation and support in missions too.
It's a cornerstone
in the world of sorcery.
Anyway, you'll be having an interview
with the principal later.
The principal?
Your admission will be denied
if you screw up, so do your best.
What?
If so, will I be executed immediately?
What? Aren't you the chief?
Any hierarchy
other than strength is boring.
Sorry, Mr. Gojo. He appears sometimes.
Your body has gotten interesting.
-I still owe you a favor.
-Hey, not again!
Once I take over this kid's body,
I'll kill you first.
It's an honor to be targeted by Sukuna.
Is he famous?
Ryomen Sukuna.
He's a fictional supernatural being
with four hands and two faces.
But he's a real human being that existed.
It's just that it was
over a thousand years ago.
When sorcery once flourished,
Jujutsu Sorcerers
gathered to challenge him
but they failed miserably.
He's known as Ryomen Sukuna,
and we couldn't even destroy his grave wax
that was handed down
after his death as cursed objects.
Without a doubt, he's the king of curses.
Who's stronger, him or you?
Well…
If Sukuna gains back all his power,
it's a bit hard to deal with him.
Will you lose?
I'll win.
-You're late, Satoru!
-What?
You're eight minutes late.
Not enough to chastise you for,
but I remember telling you
to fix your tardiness.
There's an old man making cute dolls!
If it's not enough to chastise me for,
then please don't do so.
You're just making dolls, anyway.
Can't you wait for eight minutes?
He is the principal, Mr. Masamichi Yaga.
Is that him?
My name is Yuji Itadori!
I'm into girls like Jennifer Lawrence.
-Pleased to meet you!
-Why are you here?
For the interview.
I'm asking why
you're in Jujutsu High School.
To learn about curses?
I mean after that.
After learning about curses
and having the power to exorcise them,
what are you going to do?
"What," you ask…
I want to take back Sukuna's fingers.
It would be dangerous to just leave them.
Why?
Crimes, accidents, and diseases.
It's natural to hear
people you don't know die every day.
It's beginning.
So if it's curse-related,
you find the need to intervene?
It's someone's last request.
Who cares about the details?
I just want to save people.
Last request?
So you're going to fight curses
just because people told you to?
You fail!
That's not a doll?
It's a Cursed Corpse. They are dolls…
with my curse in them!
What a heavy punch!
Is that really a doll?
Human nature surfaces
during desperate situations.
I'll keep attacking you
until I hear the answers I want.
In the first place,
it wasn't just anyone's last request.
It came from my family member!
Darn, where is it?
Oh, god.
Even family members
are considered as "someone else."
Right, it's a doll.
It doesn't get hurt or scared.
A Jujutsu Sorcerer
is always dealing with death.
Not just your own death.
There are times where you have
to tear apart the flesh of a curse
while the dead
are barely out of your field of vision.
It's an unpleasant job.
It requires some insanity
and high motivation.
And you’re doing it
because someone else told you to?
What a joke!
I could have understood if you told me
you wanted to delay your death sentence.
-Are you kidding me? I--
-Let me ask you.
If you're killed by a curse,
are you going to blame it on your grandpa?
You…
Your words are so harsh.
Education is about poking where it hurts.
I don't think…
I can't tell what you're thinking of
when you're on the brink of death.
But I'm sure of this.
If this continues, you might end up
cursing your beloved grandpa later.
No Jujutsu Sorcerer
can die without remorse.
Let me ask you again,
why did you come to Jujutsu High School?
Ever since I was a kid,
I've been good at sports and fighting.
But I never felt like
I was the only one who could do that.
I'm the only one who can consume Sukuna.
Even if I can avoid my death sentence…
If I run away from my duty,
I'll eat, take a bath, and read comics.
But when I space out…
I'll get depressed thinking that
someone's dead now because of Sukuna.
Am I supposed to convince myself
that it doesn't concern me
and that it's not my fault?
I'm not doing that!
I don't know what will happen when I die,
but I don't want
to regret the way I lived.
Satoru, take him to the dorm.
Also, explain the various
security measures to him.
What?
You've passed.
Welcome to Jujutsu High School.
I'm sorry. I forgot to dispel it.
Wow! It's so spacious!
The second
and third-year students are out now.
-Hello! Is anyone here?
-But I'm sure we'll see each other.
There are not many people anyway.
But you don't have to fight, you know?
Fushiguro and I
will find the fingers of Sukuna.
You just need to wait here.
No. I promised, so I'll do it.
But it will be funny if I laze around…
Good work.
…while waiting for Fushiguro to give me
the fingers while he's beaten up.
You're right.
But, well, there's no way
you're not getting into fights.
Hey! Were you testing me?
If it was that easy,
we would have found them all by now.
Some have strong auras, some are quiet,
and some are possessed by spirits.
It's going to be a real pain in the ass
to find them.
But we have you now.
The Sukuna in you
will tell us where they are
since he wants to regain his powers.
You're both a vessel and a detector,
and that makes you a radar.
So it's not going to work
if you're not in the field with us.
Do you think he's such a nice guy?
I think it's possible to build
a win-win relationship with him.
-You're next door.
-Fushiguro!
You definitely look much better this time.
There are plenty of empty rooms.
Isn't it better
when the place is more lively?
-I think it's good--
-Just classes and missions are sufficient.
What a pain…
Oh, wow! Your room looks really tidy!
-Like I said, you're a bother!
-Oh, god!
But isn't this fine?
Anyway, we're going out tomorrow!
We'll be meeting
the third first-year student.
The train to Tokyo has arrived.
Please stand behind the yellow line.
It took four hours just to reach Morioka.
It's finally time to say goodbye
to the boonies!
I'll reach Tokyo this afternoon.
What if I get discovered
by a talent scout?
By Stardust Promotion, maybe.